Create TextArea.md (#2473)
coveo/plasma: packages/website/docs/TextArea.md

> # Best Practices

Reviewer: Markdown best practice is to leave an empty line after headings.

```suggestion
# Best Practices

```

## Help Text and Instructions
Help text should explain how this information can be used or who will see it. For instance, if the user can provide delivery instructions, the help text could be: "Provide information for the delivery man". Help text should be **short, preferably on one line**.
Placeholder provides a **temporary example** when the input is empty. Use a placeholder only when showing examples of possible content is necessary for the user's understanding. When the text is discretional, such as an email content, a placeholder text is often unnecessary.

## Feedback and Validation

Text area typically accepts all types of characters therefore, validation often only occurs due to character limits (if any).
If the user reaches this limit, the validation message should clearly state the allowed number of characters under the text area in a similar fashion to the text input validation.
If providing the information is optional, the tag “(Optional)” must appear next to the text area title, indicating that the input can be left blank.

## Variants

| **Type**      | **Purpose** |
| --------- | --------- |

> | **Scrollbar** | The scrollbar is the default options when the text overflows the default area size. |

Author: I think it's still important to indicate that a scrollbar will appear whenever the text overflows from the display area. 
Maybe it's just that this"variant" is "Fixed size" then. I'll made a suggestion and tag you.

> | **Scrollbar** | The scrollbar is the default options when the text overflows the default area size. |

Author: @gdostie please review the Variants text update as I rephrase to make it clearer that the scrollbar appear for all variant, but the default variants is "fixed size."

> | **Scrollbar** | The scrollbar is the default options when the text overflows the default area size. |

Reviewer: looks good to me 👍

Placeholder provides a **temporary example** when the input is empty. Use a placeholder only when showing examples of possible content is necessary for the user's understanding. When the text is discretional, such as an email content, a placeholder text is often unnecessary.

## Feedback and Validation

Text area typically accepts all types of characters therefore, validation often only occurs due to character limits (if any).
If the user reaches this limit, the validation message should clearly state the allowed number of characters under the text area in a similar fashion to the text input validation.
If providing the information is optional, the tag “(Optional)” must appear next to the text area title, indicating that the input can be left blank.

## Variants

| **Type**      | **Purpose** |
| --------- | --------- |
| **Fixed size** | By default, the size of the text area input box is fixed. A scrollbar will automatically appear if text overflows the alloted space. |

> | **Drag-to-resize** | Allow users to resize manually the text area when they need to provide very long texts, such as the content of an email. Consider this option only when over 500 characters or a few paragraphs are expected. Always restrict the resizing of the text area to a maximum size based on the available space on screen. If the text overflows alloted space (default or resized), a scrollbar will automatically appear. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Drag-to-resize** | Allow users to resize the text area manually when they need to provide very long texts, such as the content of an email. Consider this option only when expecting over 500 characters or a few paragraphs. Always restrict the resizing of the text area to a maximum size based on the available space on screen. If the text overflows the alloted space (default or resized), a scrollbar automatically appears. |
```

> | **Autosize** | Avoid using this option as it is soon to be deprecated. Autosize may cause undesired layout issue on screen as the expanding area can push important information out of focus without the user's knowledge. Most of the time, the fixed size variant should be sufficient for the user. And for the rare cases where a longer text is required, the drag-to-resize option is considered more appropriate. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Autosize** | Avoid using this option, as it is about to be deprecated. Autosize may cause undesired layout issues on screen, as the expanding area can push important information out of focus without the user's knowledge. Most of the time, the fixed size variant should suffice. In the rare cases where longer text is required, the drag-to-resize option is considered more appropriate. |
```

---

## Related Components

If your use case doesn't match the guidelines above, consider using one of the following components instead:

> -   [Text input](#/form/TextInput) when the user should input no more than one line of text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   [Text input](#/form/TextInput) when users should enter no more than one line of text.
```

> -   [Code editor](#/form/CodeEditor) if the user needs to input code in a specific syntax.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   [Code editor](#/form/CodeEditor) if users need to enter code rather than plain text.
```
